Worms burrow through her rotting flesh.

You are unable to reflect damage back to this creature.

(orange) The Queen Black Dragon takes a huge breath.
(ligher orange) The Queen Black Dragon gathers her strength to breath extremely hot flames.
(green) The tortured soul has stopped time for everyone except himself and the Queen Black<br>Dragon.
(cyan-ish) The enchantment is restored! The Queen Black Dragon falls back into her cursed<br>slumber.
The Queen Black Dragon's concentration wavers; the first artefact is now unguarded.
The Queen Black Dragon's concentration wavers; the second artefact is now<br>unguarded.
The Queen Black Dragon's concentration wavers; the third artefact is now<br>unguarded.
The Queen Black Dragon's concentration wavers; the last artefact is now unguarded.

The power of the unprotected artefact leaks out and damages you!

(purple) The Queen Black Dragon summons one of her captive, tortured souls.
(purple) The Queen Black Dragon summons several of her captive, tortured souls.
(purple) The Queen Black Dragon starts to siphon the energy of her mages.
You are damaged for standing too long on the raw magical platforms.


(kind of blue - crystalish) The Queen Black Dragon takes the consistency of crystal; she is more resistant to<br>magic, but weaker to physical damage.
(kind of green) The Queen Black Dragon hardens her carepace; she is more resistant to physical<br>damage, but more vulerable to magic.


(souls text) NO MORE! RELEASE ME, MY QUEEN! I BEG YOU!
(souls text) We lost our free will long ago...
(souls text) How long has it been since I was taken...
(souls text) The cycle is never ending, mortal...
--Time stop--
(souls text) Kill me, mortal... quickly! HURRY! BEFORE THE SPELL IS COMPLETE!
(souls text) Time is short!
(souls text) She is pouring her energy into me... hurry!
(souls text) The spell is nearly complete!

You descend the stairs that appeared when you defeated the Queen Black Dragon.
(chat box interface) This strange device is covered in indecipherable script. It opens for you, <br>displaying only a small sample of the objects it contains.
You only had enough space in your inventory to accept some of the items.
All the items were moved to your bank.
The coffer is now empty.

 1186